# Dweebs Global Mental Health Website
# HELP WANTED
I have a volunteer frontend project I might not have time to finish. If anyone can successfully make a frontend PHP website using HTML/CSS/ and PHP that looks like the UI/UX on the figma file below, that would be AWESOME! My email is olugbengaojo97@gmail.com. Email me and let me know. P.S. I am willing to pay $50 to whoever get's the code to look exactly like the figma file below via CashApp Ojo000 or Venmo @Gbenga-Ojo-1. 

# Code Above

You can edit my code if you need to, I'm already off to a good start and It may be faster to do it that way. The HTML is fully done it's just the CSS design that'll need work.

# UI/UX Design
https://www.figma.com/file/cQHOlk8z7GfMsnGCvcna4c/Dweebs-global-magazine-menu

# Copyright

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# Overview

We provide mentorship, career advice, and mental health help. We have helped thousands of people with resume edits, life planning, and networking. We are working to reduce unemployment and uplift women. Our mentors are all happy to help you for free and make the world a better place. 

Please contact us if you need help/advice or are able to help us help others.

YouTube: tinyurl.com/yymhl44cwuf 
Instagram: tinyurl.com/y6o3kr8pbmXVum
Twitter: @dweebsglobal

Note: We do not have employees; we are an all volunteer organization. But we have 201-500 volunteers.

# Non-Profit Organization
http://www.dweebsglobal.org
